(mechanical saw)
Hey, I am in Destin. Welcome back to
Smarter Every Day. Well today I'm putting tiles at home, and in order to do it, I have to do it
all these intricate cuts to be able to make a good base. Well, it has its what
but many people have done this over the years and I am only the next one to whom it is,
more or less like the physics of the helicopters. Well, the physics of the helicopters, as you have
Later along the last videos, it is quite complicated. But what you have not learned is how they learned it
these principles the first time. So, what I will do today is to start one
playlist called "deep dive". Well, the deep dive is quite simple. All you have to do is
Click the list and start a journey that lasts more or less like a regular TV show.
The difference with the deep dive is that you will learn things at an incredible speed.
So all you have to do is start the list, sit down,
and absorb all this knowledge. Well, we'll go back to physics
of the helicopters we have learned, but we will also learn how these principles go
to learn. It is often interesting. Well, while I go back to make the base
You go ahead and do the deep dive. Get smarter every day.
(mechanical saw)
Oh, one thing I forgot to tell you.
If you are mobile users, you might not be able to click the annotations, so you'll have to click on the link to the description
here below We see ourselves after the jump.
(mechanical saw)
[Transfers of Andrew Jackson: captionsbyandrew.wordpress.com] Translation by David Ruscalleda (@ Rusca8)